---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "entitle_resource Data Source - terraform-provider-entitle"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Defines an Entitle Resource, which represents a target system or asset that can be accessed or governed through Entitle. The schema includes metadata, ownership, integration, workflow, and access management configuration. Read more about resources https://docs.beyondtrust.com/entitle/docs/integrations-resources-roles.
---

# entitle_resource (Data Source)

Defines an Entitle Resource, which represents a target system or asset that can be accessed or governed through Entitle. The schema includes metadata, ownership, integration, workflow, and access management configuration. [Read more about resources](https://docs.beyondtrust.com/entitle/docs/integrations-resources-roles).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Entitle Resource identifier in uuid format

### Read-Only

- `allowed_durations` (Set of Number) Set of allowed access durations
- `description` (String) Resource description
- `integration` (Attributes) Integration the resource belongs to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integration))
- `maintainers` (Attributes List) Maintainer of the resource, second tier owner of that resource you can have multiple resource Maintainer also can be IDP group. In the case of the bundle the Maintainer of each Resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintainers))
- `name` (String) Entitle Resource name
- `owner` (Attributes) Owner of the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `prerequisite_permissions` (Attributes List) Users granted any role from this resource through a request will automatically receive the permissions to the roles selected below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions))
- `requestable` (Boolean) Indicates if the resource is requestable (default: true)
- `tags` (List of String) Any meta-data searchable tags should be added here, like “accounting”, “ATL_Marketing” or “Production_Line_14”.
- `user_defined_description` (String) Custom description provided by the user
- `user_defined_tags` (List of String) Any meta-data searchable tags should be added here, like “accounting”, “ATL_Marketing” or “Production_Line_14”.
- `workflow` (Attributes) Workflow configuration for the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow))

<a id="nestedatt--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integration`

Read-Only:

- `application` (Attributes) Integration's application (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integration--application))
- `id` (String) Integration's unique identifier
- `name` (String) Integration's name

<a id="nestedatt--integration--application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integration.application`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the application within the integration



<a id="nestedatt--maintainers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintainers`

Read-Only:

- `entity` (Attributes) user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintainers--entity))
- `type` (String) "user" or "group" (default: "user")

<a id="nestedatt--maintainers--entity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintainers.entity`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) user's email
- `id` (String) user's id



<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) Owner's email address
- `id` (String) Owner's unique identifier


<a id="nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prerequisite_permissions`

Required:

- `role` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role))

Read-Only:

- `default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this prerequisite permission should be automatically granted as a default permission. When set to true, users will receive this permission by default when accessing the associated resource (default: false).

<a id="nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prerequisite_permissions.role`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The identifier of the role to be granted.
- `name` (String) The name of the role.
- `resource` (Attributes) The specific resource associated with the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource))

<a id="nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prerequisite_permissions.role.resource`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
- `integration` (Attributes) The integration that the resource belongs to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource--integration))
- `name` (String) The display name of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prerequisite_permissions.role.resource.integration`

Read-Only:

- `application` (Attributes) The application that the integration is connected to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource--integration--application))
- `id` (String) The identifier of the integration.
- `name` (String) The display name of the integration.

<a id="nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource--integration--application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prerequisite_permissions.role.resource.integration.application`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the connected application.






<a id="nestedatt--workflow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Workflow's unique identifier
- `name` (String) Workflow's name
