---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "entitle_role Data Source - terraform-provider-entitle"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Defines the schema for an Entitle Role resource.
---

# entitle_role (Data Source)

Defines the schema for an Entitle Role resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Entitle Role identifier in UUID format

### Read-Only

- `allowed_durations` (Set of Number) As the admin, you can set different durations for the role, compared to the workflow linked to it.
- `name` (String) The display name for Entitle Role.
- `prerequisite_permissions` (Attributes List) Users granted any role from this role through a request will automatically receive the permissions to the roles selected below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions))
- `requestable` (Boolean) Indicates if the role is requestable (default: true)
- `resource` (Attributes) The resource associated with the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource))
- `virtualized_role` (Attributes) In this field, you can assign an existing virtualized role to the new role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--virtualized_role))
- `workflow` (Attributes) In this field, you can assign an existing workflow to the new role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow))

<a id="nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prerequisite_permissions`

Required:

- `role` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role))

Optional:

- `default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this prerequisite permission should be automatically granted as a default permission. When set to true, users will receive this permission by default when accessing the associated resource (default: false).

<a id="nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prerequisite_permissions.role`

Required:

- `id` (String) The identifier of the role to be granted.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the role.
- `resource` (Attributes) The specific resource associated with the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource))

<a id="nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prerequisite_permissions.role.resource`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
- `integration` (Attributes) The integration that the resource belongs to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource--integration))
- `name` (String) The display name of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prerequisite_permissions.role.resource.integration`

Read-Only:

- `application` (Attributes) The application that the integration is connected to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource--integration--application))
- `id` (String) The identifier of the integration.
- `name` (String) The display name of the integration.

<a id="nestedatt--prerequisite_permissions--role--resource--integration--application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prerequisite_permissions.role.resource.integration.application`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the connected application.






<a id="nestedatt--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the resource assigned to the role.
- `name` (String) The name of the assigned resource.


<a id="nestedatt--virtualized_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `virtualized_role`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the virtualized role assigned to the role.
- `name` (String) The name of the assigned virtualized role.


<a id="nestedatt--workflow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the workflow assigned to the role.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the assigned workflow.
