---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "entitle_bundle Resource - terraform-provider-entitle"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Entitle bundle is a set of entitlements that can be requested, approved, or revoked by users in a single action, and set in a policy by the admin. Each entitlement can provide the user with access to a resource, which can be as fine-grained as a MongoDB table for example, usually by the use of a “Role”. Thus, one can think of a bundle as a cross-application super role. Read more about bundles https://docs.beyondtrust.com/entitle/docs/bundles.
---

# entitle_bundle (Resource)

Entitle bundle is a set of entitlements that can be requested, approved, or revoked by users in a single action, and set in a policy by the admin. Each entitlement can provide the user with access to a resource, which can be as fine-grained as a MongoDB table for example, usually by the use of a “Role”. Thus, one can think of a bundle as a cross-application super role. [Read more about bundles](https://docs.beyondtrust.com/entitle/docs/bundles).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "entitle_bundle" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  category    = "terraform"
  description = "terraform"
  tags        = ["terraform"]
  workflow = {
    id = "7d080bfa-9143-11ee-b9d1-0242ac120002"
  }
  roles = [{
    id = "7d080bfa-9143-11ee-b9d1-0242ac120003"
  }]
  allowed_durations = [3600]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `allowed_durations` (Set of Number) You can override your organization’s default duration on each bundle
- `description` (String) The bundle’s extended description, for example, “Permissions bundle for junior accountants” or “factory floor worker permissions bundle”.
- `name` (String) The name of the bundle. This is what users will reference when requesting access. Length must be between 2 and 50 characters.
- `roles` (Attributes List) List of roles included in the bundle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roles))
- `workflow` (Attributes) In this field, you can assign an existing workflow to the new bundle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow))

### Optional

- `category` (String) You can select a category for the newly created bundle, or create a new one. The category will usually describe a department, working group, etc. within your organization like “Marketing”, “Operations” and so on.
- `tags` (Set of String) Any meta-data searchable tags should be added here, like “accounting”, “ATL_Marketing” or “Production_Line_14”.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Entitle Bundle identifier in uuid format

<a id="nestedatt--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roles`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the role.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the role.
- `resource` (Attributes) The resource associated with the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roles--resource))

<a id="nestedatt--roles--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roles.resource`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.
- `integration` (Attributes) The integration used to access the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roles--resource--integration))
- `name` (String) The name of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--roles--resource--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roles.resource.integration`

Read-Only:

- `application` (Attributes) The application linked to the integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roles--resource--integration--application))
- `id` (String) The integration's ID.
- `name` (String) The integration's name.

<a id="nestedatt--roles--resource--integration--application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roles.resource.integration.application`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the application.





<a id="nestedatt--workflow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the workflow assigned to the bundle.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the assigned workflow.
