---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "entitle_workflow Resource - terraform-provider-entitle"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A workflow in Entitle is a generic description of Just-In-Time permissions approval process, which is triggered after the permissions were requested by a user. Who should approve by approval order, to whom, and for how long. After the workflow is defined, it can be assigned to multiple entities which are part of the Just-In-Time permissions approval process: integrations, resources, roles and bundles.
  Every workflow is comprised of multiple rules. Their order of is important, the first rule to be validated sets the actual approval process for the permissions request.
---

# entitle_workflow (Resource)

A workflow in Entitle is a generic description of Just-In-Time permissions approval process, which is triggered after the permissions were requested by a user. Who should approve by approval order, to whom, and for how long. After the workflow is defined, it can be assigned to multiple entities which are part of the Just-In-Time permissions approval process: integrations, resources, roles and bundles.

Every workflow is comprised of multiple rules. Their order of is important, the first rule to be validated sets the actual approval process for the permissions request.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "entitle_workflow" "example" {
  name = "example"
  rules = [
    {
      any_schedule = true
      approval_flow = {
        steps = [
          {
            approval_entities = [
              {
                type = "Automatic"
              }
            ]
            operator   = "or"
            sort_order = 1
          }
        ]
      }

      sort_order     = 1
      under_duration = 3600
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the workflow. Must be between 2 and 50 characters.

### Optional

- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules that determine how approvals should be handled based on specific conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Entitle Workflow identifier in uuid format

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Optional:

- `any_schedule` (Boolean) Indicates whether the rule applies at any schedule. Defaults to true.
- `approval_flow` (Attributes) The approval process defined by one or more ordered steps. Each step includes approvers and conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--approval_flow))
- `in_groups` (Attributes List) List of user groups for which this rule is applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--in_groups))
- `in_schedules` (Attributes List) List of schedules during which this rule is valid. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--in_schedules))
- `sort_order` (Number) Determines the evaluation priority of the rule.
- `under_duration` (Number) Maximum request duration (in seconds) for which the rule applies. Defaults to 3600 seconds (1 hour).

<a id="nestedatt--rules--approval_flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.approval_flow`

Optional:

- `steps` (Attributes List) List of approval steps defining the sequence and conditions of approval. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.approval_flow.steps`

Optional:

- `approval_entities` (Attributes List) List of users or groups that must approve in this step. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--approval_entities))
- `notified_entities` (Attributes List) List of users or groups to be notified during this approval step. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--notified_entities))
- `operator` (String) Logical operator for combining approval entities.
- `sort_order` (Number) Order of the step within the approval flow. Lower numbers indicate earlier steps.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--approval_entities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.approval_flow.steps.approval_entities`

Optional:

- `group` (Attributes) Represents a group whose members are responsible for approving the permission request at this step. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--approval_entities--group))
- `schedule` (Attributes) Schedule applied to the approval entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--approval_entities--schedule))
- `type` (String) Type of approval entity.
- `user` (Attributes) Represents an individual user who is required to approve the permission request at this step. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--approval_entities--user))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--approval_entities--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.approval_flow.steps.approval_entities.group`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the approver group.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the approver group.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--approval_entities--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.approval_flow.steps.approval_entities.schedule`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the approval schedule.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the schedule for the approval entity.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--approval_entities--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.approval_flow.steps.approval_entities.user`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the approver.

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) Email address of the approver.



<a id="nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--notified_entities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.approval_flow.steps.notified_entities`

Optional:

- `group` (Attributes) Represents a user group whose members will be notified during this step of the approval process. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--notified_entities--group))
- `schedule` (Attributes) Schedule applied to the approval entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--notified_entities--schedule))
- `type` (String) Type of notified entity
- `user` (Attributes) Represents an individual user who will be notified during this step of the approval process. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--notified_entities--user))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--notified_entities--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.approval_flow.steps.notified_entities.group`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A unique identifier of the group

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the notified group.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--notified_entities--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.approval_flow.steps.notified_entities.schedule`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A unique identifier of the schedule

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) A name of the schedule


<a id="nestedatt--rules--approval_flow--steps--notified_entities--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.approval_flow.steps.notified_entities.user`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the notified user.

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) Email address of the notified user.





<a id="nestedatt--rules--in_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.in_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A unique identifier of the group

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the group.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--in_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.in_schedules`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A unique identifier of the schedule

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the schedule.
